project-index.md, before:

All MagicBox projects and repositories underneath the UNICEF GitHub organization are listed here. To learn more about each project, see either the [main MagicBox wiki page](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox/wiki) or the README in each repository.

| Repository | Description | Maintainers |
|------------|-------------|-------------|
| [unicef/magicbox](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox) | Documentation and other general resources related to MagicBox | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab), [@jflory7](https://github.com/jflory7) |
| [unicef/magicbox-admins-to-airports](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-admins-to-airports) | Given airports with incorrect administrative boundaries, query and check against Google API for location data and create CSV output for corrected administrative boundaries | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |
| [unicef/magicbox-aggregate-mobility](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-aggregate-mobility) | Aggregate Amadeus mobility data by administrative boundary to produce CSV output | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab), [@carloscdias](https://github.com/carloscdias) |
| [unicef/-magicbox-aggregate-raster-admin](https://github.com/unicef/-magicbox-aggregate-raster-admin) | | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |
| [unicef/magicbox-aggregate-raster-shapefile](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-aggregate-raster-shapefile) | | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |
| [unicef/magicbox-latlon-admin-server](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-latlon-admin-server) | API that takes latitude/longitude pairs, and returns an ID and metadata for the administrative boundaries they're located within | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |
| [unicef/magicbox-maps](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-maps) | | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab), [@ayanez17](https://github.com/ayanez17) |
| [unicef/magicbox-open-api](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-open-api) | API to serve open data aggregated by administrative boundaries | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |

Commit message:

Remove link to wiki & add note about repo search

project-index.md, after:

All MagicBox projects and repositories underneath the UNICEF GitHub organization are listed here. To learn more about each project, see the README in each repository.

| Repository | Description | Maintainers |
|------------|-------------|-------------|
| [unicef/magicbox](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox) | Documentation and other general resources related to MagicBox | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab), [@jflory7](https://github.com/jflory7) |
| [unicef/magicbox-admins-to-airports](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-admins-to-airports) | Given airports with incorrect administrative boundaries, query and check against Google API for location data and create CSV output for corrected administrative boundaries | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |
| [unicef/magicbox-aggregate-mobility](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-aggregate-mobility) | Aggregate Amadeus mobility data by administrative boundary to produce CSV output | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab), [@carloscdias](https://github.com/carloscdias) |
| [unicef/-magicbox-aggregate-raster-admin](https://github.com/unicef/-magicbox-aggregate-raster-admin) | | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |
| [unicef/magicbox-aggregate-raster-shapefile](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-aggregate-raster-shapefile) | | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |
| [unicef/magicbox-latlon-admin-server](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-latlon-admin-server) | API that takes latitude/longitude pairs, and returns an ID and metadata for the administrative boundaries they're located within | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |
| [unicef/magicbox-maps](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-maps) | | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab), [@ayanez17](https://github.com/ayanez17) |
| [unicef/magicbox-open-api](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-open-api) | API to serve open data aggregated by administrative boundaries | [@mikefab](https://github.com/mikefab) |

Note: Another way to find all MagicBox-related repos is to go to UNICEF GitHub mainpage and enter the search term "magicbox", like [here](https://github.com/unicef?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=magicbox&type=&language=). There you'll be able to see which repos are under more active development than the others.
