README.md, before:

MagicBox
========

[![Chat on Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/unicef-innovation-dev/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/unicef-innovation-dev/Lobby)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/magicbox/badge/?version=latest)](https://magicbox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/unicef/magicbox.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/unicef/magicbox)

Platform that uses real-time data to inform life-saving humanitarian responses
to emergency situations


## About

MagicBox is an open-source platform that uses real-time information to inform
life-saving humanitarian responses to emergency situations. It's composed of
multiple GitHub repositories designed to ingest, aggregate, and serve data.

You can read more about the project's purpose on
[unicefstories.org](http://unicefstories.org/magicbox/).


## What's here

This repo is the "master" repo for all MagicBox-related projects. Documentation
or other misc. resources for the project are hosted here. Code for other
projects, like the API and front-end, are hosted in other repositories.


## Documentation

Project documentation is hosted on
[ReadTheDocs](https://magicbox.readthedocs.io/).


## Resources

To understand MagicBox better, check out some of these blog posts.

* [The Magic Box API
  Wiki](https://medium.com/@mikefabrikant/the-magic-box-wiki-a69e20a1dcfe)
* [Mapping the world’s population with
  worldpop.org.uk](https://medium.com/@mikefabrikant/mapping-the-worlds-population-with-worldpop-org-uk-f71a336befef)
* [How demographic information can be gleaned from satellite images of the
  Earth](https://medium.com/@mikefabrikant/how-demographic-information-can-be-gleaned-from-satellite-images-of-the-earth-mapping-geojson-to-a86ba3f0f00c)
* [Using open and private data to improve decision making in the humanitarian
  world](https://medium.com/@mikefabrikant/using-open-and-private-data-to-improve-decision-making-in-the-humanitarian-world-magic-box-and-da57dfe7d492)

Commit message:

Create a good landing page for MagicBox
Enhance current README with relevant and updated links and indicate our need to the open source community

README.md, after:

MagicBox
========

[![Chat on Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/unicef-innovation-dev/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/unicef-innovation-dev/Lobby)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/magicbox/badge/?version=latest)](https://magicbox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/unicef/magicbox.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/unicef/magicbox)

Platform that uses real-time data to inform life-saving humanitarian responses
to emergency situations


## About

MagicBox is an open-source platform that uses real-time information to inform
life-saving humanitarian responses to emergency situations. It's composed of
multiple GitHub repositories designed to ingest, aggregate, and serve data.

You can read more about the project's purpose on
[unicefstories.org](http://unicefstories.org/magicbox/).


## What's here

This repo is the "master" repo for all MagicBox-related projects. It hosts 
the documentation and other misc. resources for MagicBox. Code for other
projects, like the [API](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-open-api) and 
[front-end](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox-maps), are hosted in other 
repositories. See the [project index](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox/blob/master/project-index.md)
for a full list of MagicBox-related repos and their respective maintainers.

## Contributing

**We are looking for collaboration from the Open Source community!** There's
so much we want to do, including but not limited to: enhancing existing 
applications with new features, optimizing the techical tools and algorithms 
involved to accomodate data challenges, and bringing our work closer to
the public to leverage their intputs via blog posts and tutorials.

* Please read our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) 
for details on what and how you can contribute.
* Check out our [Development Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/unicef/projects/2).
* Look for tasks labelled `good first issues` under the Issues tab in each repo.
* Join our [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/unicef-innovation-dev/Lobby).


## Documentation

Project documentation is hosted on
[ReadTheDocs](https://magicbox.readthedocs.io/). Its current version is mostly suited 
for developers who want to understand more about our underlying tech. We are hoping to
establish a more user-friendly version soon, one that is readable by our potential users 
(e.g. data scientists and decision-makers in UNICEF country offices, state governments, 
other UN agencies).


## Resources

To understand MagicBox better:

* Read the README for each repo (full list is [here](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox/blob/master/project-index.md)). 
An architecture diagram of how these components are connected to one another is coming soon.
* Check out our [Medium blog posts](https://medium.com/@mikefabrikant/latest).
