docs/admin/deployment-guide.rst, before:

############################
How to deploy an application
############################


In UNICEF - Office of Innovation team, we use `Azure Web Apps`_ to deploy our
applications to the cloud.

This guide will walk you through the deployment process of a WebApp in the
Azure environment. At the end of this guide you will be able to develop, tag
and deploy the tagged version of the application to the azure servers.


***************************************
Create a feature branch for development
***************************************

While in development, it is useful to make all of your changes in a feature 
branch named accordingly to the task.

For example, if we want to implement a new feature to show information about 
the country the user clicked in, we could name the branch accordingly to this 
task using the command below:

.. code:: bash

    git checkout -b show_country_information


We can implement our features in this branch and submit a Pull Request to 
merge it into the master branch of the app.


Create a tag
============

Once your changes get merged into master, we can create a tag for the current 
version of the application. Make sure to name the tag accordingly with the 
project's convention and following the `semantic versioning`_ rules.

For example, let's suppose that you made a simple fix in the application and 
your changes just got merged from the branch "fix_bug_61" into master. In this 
project, tags are named using the convention "vX.X.X" and the last tag is 
"v1.1.1".

Since your fix is a `patch`_, you can create the tag "v1.1.2" with the command 

.. code:: bash

    git tag v1.1.2

Always remember to push the tag to the public repository to make others aware 
of the current project version. You can push your tags to the public 
repository with the command

.. code:: bash

    git push origin master --tags



*************************
Deploying the application
*************************


After our changes get merged into master, we can deploy the application to 
Azure.

Each UNICEF's application in Azure have two main deployment slots: production 
and staging.

In the production slot lies the code that you can see in your browser, the 
application as it is, available for the final user.

The staging slot contains the code preparing to be released to production. 
Once your code is in this slot you can take a look in a private url to see how 
your code will respond in production.

If everything looks correct in staging, you can swap the code in production 
with the code in the staging slot to make your changes available for all users.


Adding Azure remote for repository
==================================


The first thing we need to do is add the staging remote to our local git 
repository.

Within the project directory, you can add the stagin remote for the project 
issuing the command below.

.. code:: bash

    git remote add staging https://<project-name>@<project-name>-staging.scm.azurewebsites.net:443/<project-name>.git

Make sure to change <project-name> with the project name you are working on.


Pushing changes to the staging slot
===================================


You can push changes to the staging repository issuing the command below

.. code:: bash

    git push staging master

This command will push the current version in your master branch to staging in 
azure.

To push a specific tag to azure you can run the command

.. code:: bash

    git push staging tagname:master

Make sure to replace "tagname" with the tag you want to push to azure.


Swap staging to production (Web)
================================

The last step to make your changes available to the public is swap the staging 
environment with the production environment.

Once your code is working properly in the staging environment, you can swap it 
with production. Swaping those slots means that the code in the staging 
environment now answers for the production environment and the code in the 
production environment now lives in the staging environment.

If a bug was introduced in your changes and it was not caught in the staging 
environment and is now in the production environment, all you have to do to 
revert it to the last working version of the application is to swap it again.

To make the swap, go to the `Azure Panel`_ > App Services, find the project 
you are working on and select it.

.. image:: ../_static/deployguide-appservices.png

In the overview section you will find the "Swap" button, you can click in it.

.. image:: ../_static/deployguide-swap.png

Make sure to select in the Swap panel "staging" as source and "production" as 
destination.

.. image:: ../_static/deployguide-swap-menu.png

Click OK to make the swap. You will get a notification once it finishes.

To replace your changes for the last working version of the application, just 
repeat this procedure.


Swap staging to production (CLI)
================================

If you have the right permissions in place you can make the swap using the 
`Azure CLI`_.

To do this, make sure you are in the ASM mode running

.. code:: bash

    azure config mode --help

Then you can use

.. code:: bash

    azure site swap <appname>


.. _`Azure Web Apps`: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/
.. _`semantic versioning`: https://semver.org/
.. _`patch`: https://semver.org/#spec-item-6
.. _`Azure Panel`: https://portal.azure.com
.. _`Azure CLI`: https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-cli

Commit message:

Fix git remote url in deployment guide

docs/admin/deployment-guide.rst, after:

############################
How to deploy an application
############################


In UNICEF - Office of Innovation team, we use `Azure Web Apps`_ to deploy our
applications to the cloud.

This guide will walk you through the deployment process of a WebApp in the
Azure environment. At the end of this guide you will be able to develop, tag
and deploy the tagged version of the application to the azure servers.


***************************************
Create a feature branch for development
***************************************

While in development, it is useful to make all of your changes in a feature 
branch named accordingly to the task.

For example, if we want to implement a new feature to show information about 
the country the user clicked in, we could name the branch accordingly to this 
task using the command below:

.. code:: bash

    git checkout -b show_country_information


We can implement our features in this branch and submit a Pull Request to 
merge it into the master branch of the app.


Create a tag
============

Once your changes get merged into master, we can create a tag for the current 
version of the application. Make sure to name the tag accordingly with the 
project's convention and following the `semantic versioning`_ rules.

For example, let's suppose that you made a simple fix in the application and 
your changes just got merged from the branch "fix_bug_61" into master. In this 
project, tags are named using the convention "vX.X.X" and the last tag is 
"v1.1.1".

Since your fix is a `patch`_, you can create the tag "v1.1.2" with the command 

.. code:: bash

    git tag v1.1.2

Always remember to push the tag to the public repository to make others aware 
of the current project version. You can push your tags to the public 
repository with the command

.. code:: bash

    git push origin master --tags



*************************
Deploying the application
*************************


After our changes get merged into master, we can deploy the application to 
Azure.

Each UNICEF's application in Azure have two main deployment slots: production 
and staging.

In the production slot lies the code that you can see in your browser, the 
application as it is, available for the final user.

The staging slot contains the code preparing to be released to production. 
Once your code is in this slot you can take a look in a private url to see how 
your code will respond in production.

If everything looks correct in staging, you can swap the code in production 
with the code in the staging slot to make your changes available for all users.


Adding Azure remote for repository
==================================


The first thing we need to do is add the staging remote to our local git 
repository.

Within the project directory, you can add the stagin remote for the project 
issuing the command below.

.. code:: bash

    git remote add staging https://<username>@<project-name>-staging.scm.azurewebsites.net:443/<project-name>.git

Make sure to change <project-name> with the project name you are working on and
<username> for your username set in the deployment credentials in Azure.


Pushing changes to the staging slot
===================================


You can push changes to the staging repository issuing the command below

.. code:: bash

    git push staging master

This command will push the current version in your master branch to staging in 
azure.

To push a specific tag to azure you can run the command

.. code:: bash

    git push staging tagname:master

Make sure to replace "tagname" with the tag you want to push to azure.


Swap staging to production (Web)
================================

The last step to make your changes available to the public is swap the staging 
environment with the production environment.

Once your code is working properly in the staging environment, you can swap it 
with production. Swaping those slots means that the code in the staging 
environment now answers for the production environment and the code in the 
production environment now lives in the staging environment.

If a bug was introduced in your changes and it was not caught in the staging 
environment and is now in the production environment, all you have to do to 
revert it to the last working version of the application is to swap it again.

To make the swap, go to the `Azure Panel`_ > App Services, find the project 
you are working on and select it.

.. image:: ../_static/deployguide-appservices.png

In the overview section you will find the "Swap" button, you can click in it.

.. image:: ../_static/deployguide-swap.png

Make sure to select in the Swap panel "staging" as source and "production" as 
destination.

.. image:: ../_static/deployguide-swap-menu.png

Click OK to make the swap. You will get a notification once it finishes.

To replace your changes for the last working version of the application, just 
repeat this procedure.


Swap staging to production (CLI)
================================

If you have the right permissions in place you can make the swap using the 
`Azure CLI`_.

To do this, make sure you are in the ASM mode running

.. code:: bash

    azure config mode --help

Then you can use

.. code:: bash

    azure site swap <appname>


.. _`Azure Web Apps`: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/
.. _`semantic versioning`: https://semver.org/
.. _`patch`: https://semver.org/#spec-item-6
.. _`Azure Panel`: https://portal.azure.com
.. _`Azure CLI`: https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-cli
